Change "Lognormal" to "LogNormal" (camel case) (#4928)
pymc-devs/pymc: RELEASE-NOTES.md

### Maintenance
- Remove float128 dtype support (see [#4514](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/4514)).
- Logp method of `Uniform` and `DiscreteUniform` no longer depends on `pymc3.distributions.dist_math.bound` for proper evaluation (see [#4541](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/4541)).

> - Change name of `Lognormal` distribution to `LogNormal` to synchronize Camel Case usage for distribution names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change name of `Lognormal` distribution to `LogNormal` to harmonize CamelCase usage for distribution names.
```
